Me...
Everybody.
Dare, I am the Dragon Warrior.
Wait for Xiao Xiao
Who Dares to Move
I ascended the throne at the age of eight.
Ten years in power.
Earthquake in the Northern Desert
Binh Thien hit the Three Hoang
Gewudi will eventually give orders to the enemy.
Follow me to kill the traitor.
Your Majesty.
Your Majesty, the Qin Dynasty cannot do without you.
Even if you take your last breath.
I must protect you, Your Majesty.
The angel holds the door.
Shoot kill
Cheers!
Congratulations, everyone will obey.
Ah.
Soldier Tran Lap Hao
Light Attack
Living and dying together
Identity
Is that enough?
The lonely city.
The Emerald Door
The Hundred Battles
Wearing yellow armor
Done.